welcome to slash forward in celebration
of a rare friday christmas we're gonna
party hard and take a deep dive into the
recent christmas horror classic krampus
if you're looking to regain your joyful
inner spark subscribe to the channel
let's get to it
we open on warm and familiar scenes of
christmas bliss
hordes of angry mouth breathers trample
retail workers desperately grabbing at
the first
cabbage patch kid they can find and as
we take in the beautiful pandemonium we
watch individuals get
and give their just desserts it's amid
the bedlam that we find our protagonist
family
enjoying the annual tradition of the
nativity brawl in calmer environs we
find
a badass traditional bakefest going down
because omi
is a classic [ __ ] as the family erupts
back into the house we learn the fight
was instigated when max heard that
brutish fellow ruin the santa myth for
some young lad
tom then turns on some holiday politics
before going to take a few calls
as the rest of the family also files out
to engage in selfish interests
max is left with omi to share little
christmas whimsy on their own
beth then complains to her mom about the
upcoming family sleeping arrangements
but is told to suck it up by sarah who
finishes hanging the newest family
portrait and is displeased to find it
contains a historical record of pervy
santa
doing what he do back to those with true
spirit omi relays her thoughts on the
true nature of santa believing that he
inhabits the spirit of the holiday
reflected by our true souls a thought
that causes her to momentarily go dead
behind the eyes
upstairs still dreading the impending
arrival of her hilljack cousins
beth is hard wishing she could be
ripping that holiday bong with her boo
derek but they have to put that thought
on hold when the house begins to rumble
from the old diesel rolling up
announcing the arrival of the extended
family as all the last minute
preparations are made
merry christmas they're welcomed in
bearing gifts and a
thousand stare max attempts to initiate
cordial conversation with his cousin
howie
about his deepest holiday fantasies but
he's pretty much an
empty vessel and then aunt dorothy
surprises them with her arrival
a last-minute addition that linda felt
obliged to honor despite knowing that
her sister sarah would be upset by this
development soon enough they've all
settled into the dinner table where
howie is doing the do
preparing for his football future here
they suffer through a culture clash as
sarah is inundated with multiple
complaints about her champagne tastes
and the
general lack of moistness present in
their quails
so she heads off to clear her head and
glaze the creme brulee while the girls
test max's patience by telling lies
about santa crushing his sleigh and
being forced to eat his reindeer to
survive
and then in a demonstration of next
level familial bullying the girls whip
out max's special letter to santa they
read it off and find it to contain some
fairly deep and intimate wishes for the
whole
family which lays bears some of their
unspoken insecurities
even though the damage is done you know
max is prone to pop off and he uncoils
like a loaded spring
resulting in a scuffle some shouting and
then him storming off
tom tries to smooth things over with the
boy but he has trouble coming up with
good reasons to spend such precious time
with people you hate
he does manage to stir up some syrupy
emotional garbage that sounds
kind of okay but isn't enough to placate
max because as soon as he leaves
max gives into his darker nature
shredding the letter and sending it into
the frosty night air
inadvertently conjuring some dark
holiday magic the next day we see the
family hunker down in an unexpected
blizzard with no power or hot water
max makes note of an apparently
immaculately conceived snowman
in the yard and then they remarkably get
a package delivered while signing for it
they find some additional leavings on
the front porch that are brought into
the house
as they consider what to do next beth
starts spazzing out about not being able
to reach derek so she's given one hour
to go check in on him and see if anyone
else in the street has power
they're mostly not coping well other
than omi who is perfectly comfortable
living in the old style pulling a kettle
of hot chocolate from the fireplace like
a truly classic [ __ ]
beth makes her way down the road
appreciating the picturesque quality of
her surroundings
and then notices what appears to be a
large roof-hopping figure
she takes off running and upon finding
the interior of the delivery van
unsafe she hides out underneath it
instead she then does her best to hold
in her mouth farts while this
cloven-hoofed bastard lumbers around a
bit before taken back to the skies
he left behind an old school
jack-in-the-box that operates in a bit
of a slow burn fashion
and her fate is left to our imaginations
back at home max is keeping a close eye
on the mysteriously multiplying snow
goons
while tom and sarah stare out the front
window and worry deciding that beth has
been gone for too long they enlist the
help
of howard and his suv to forward the
snow and try to find her but omi doesn't
want tom to leave as it's not safe
this is of course a clear indicator that
she cares for her son but not his teeth
and offspring
regardless they venture into the snowy
darkness eventually coming across an
abandoned snowplow its story unfolds for
them as they recognize that it appears
to have been left abruptly sans any
personal belongings but the hole in the
windscreen appears to be pushed inward
rather than outward so the boys dip into
howard's gun cash before venturing
further back at the house the sisters
find a quiet moment to reconnect over
the nostalgia of all the old ornaments
and trinkets that sarah saved all these
years
thinking it would be what mom wanted but
then they're all distracted by the sound
of pitter-pattering footsteps on the
roof
omi keeps relaxed as she studiously
tends to the fire meanwhile the boys get
to derek's house which is empty
and appears to have been overtaken by
the blizzard they find evidence that
disturbing events unfolded at the house
but with no indication of whether beth
was involved judging by the fireplace
howard suspects a gas line rupture but
this doesn't explain the hoof prints
nearby
which to me look kind of like they were
made by a large goat
kind of goat walks on its hind legs
okay fine they're then drawn back
outside by some vigorous screaming
that's hard to pinpoint as is carried
away on the wind
but along the way howard is dragged into
the snow by an unseen creature
requiring tom to pull out this drives
off what i assume to be a snow worm and
they hobble back only to find lucinda
in utter ruin the gunfire was heard at
the house but any ideas of going to find
them are resolved when they burst back
in
shouting warnings and looking to
administer medical treatment in a moment
of clarity they calm themselves and try
to get the kids and elderly into the
kitchen so they can have a discussion
about the events that transpired omi
goes but with one request
so while dorothy and the kids tank up
the adults consult and discuss their
options
with few positive outcomes on the
horizon tom recommends they board up the
house and hunker down until the weather
breaks
soon they're all locked up and cozy and
they find their bonds strengthened over
the various acts of bravery exhibited
that day
as repayment for his life howard
volunteers to take the first shift of
the night watch
which quickly transitions to total
darkness as he promptly falls
asleep with the rest of them and the
fire is allowed to die
very shortly after a strange sound
begins to emanate from the fireplace and
we see a tasty treat lowered down
young howie is easily drawn in by the
chain-borne cookie which lets him take a
little nibble off the top before
revealing its sentience and wrapping him
in the chain to be dragged up the
chimney at the sound of the disturbance
the rest of them wake up and form a sort
of human chain of retrieval
however despite their best efforts he's
eventually wrenched from their grip and
dragged off
since nothing staves off the pain of a
lost child like a story omi gets the
fire started back up as she confirms
they've all brought this upon themselves
and then she recounts the legend of
krampus she grew up in a village that
turned their back on the spirit of
christmas
everyone refusing to think of the
well-being of others and otherwise
acting in a general shitty manner when
their behavior finally pushed her to
give into the darkness she capped it off
by wishing the other villagers would
just go away
so that year they got the shadow of
saint nick krampus
who comes to take and punish rather than
to give and reward she ended up losing
everyone to the underworld but was left
behind as a reminder of the consequence
of lost hope
thankfully she's sharing this after only
losing two of the older kids and not any
of the important ones
but christmas spirit be damned howard is
a man of action and he aggressively
heads out into the raging cold to look
for howie but after a brief glance
around
things better of it and they instead
focus on keeping that fire hot
tom can't help but to think of possible
pathways out of this so he gathers the
others to discuss a plan
he wants to try to get to the still
intact snowplow and clear a path the
others can follow in the cars with the
kids
from there they'll fall back to various
pre-designated emergency locations until
they find an active one that's populated
while this briefing is underway
we see the doorstep gifts are reaching
maturation and max catches a glimpse of
krampus outside
everything then gets put on hold as the
girls venture upstairs to find a
functional crapper
and are drawn into the attic by the
sound of someone whispering their names
their screams attract the attention of
the other residents who proceed slowly
scanning the darkness with their
flashlights and eventually discovering
to their horror that the gifts have
hatched what this means is not
immediately known but they soon
discovered that the jack in the box has
undergone super puberty and is just
finishing up his meal of fine
children opening his throat and knocking
back jordan like a shot before scurrying
off
they're then descended upon by a tree
topic angel of death and a rabid teddy
bear when tom tries to administer some
assistance he gets jabbed in the back
repeatedly by a satanic voltron then
linda catches sight of stevie and gets
down to business
stabbing her scare bear in the eye and
cutting through the other obstacles on
her way to the snake
which escapes into the air ducts leaving
her thankful that she had the foresight
to bear so many children
while this is going on howard is
downstairs investigating a noise in the
kitchen he takes a surprise nail to the
calf and discovers a gang of gingerbread
men up to no good he takes a defensive
position and fires on them crisping them
up a bit and is very nearly shanked in
the neck before rosie hops in and does
the one thing she's good at
they then have only a moment to relax
and regroup before trying to locate the
monster now stuck in the hvac
thinking quickly max sends in rosie to
get at it they hear sounds of a struggle
and then the creatures spill to the
floor below
here on dorothy decides to test her
metal and takes care of business
unfortunately this leaves her holding
the gun when the elves arrive so they
hold the others at bay as dorothy is
chained up and dragged away along with
the baby which also prompts howard to
rodeo ride that giant sneaky bastard
into the unknown
those who remain find themselves at the
mercy of the elves but then the call of
krampus rings out drawing them off with
all defenses now compromised tom insists
that they make a break for the plow
as they take off into the blizzard omi
makes her final stand
buying some time for them by facing down
her consequence krampus works his fat
ass down the chimney and then the two of
them have a warm reunion
in which he gifts her some age
inappropriate toys outside the plow is
within sight and tom encourages them on
so he can hang back to hold off whatever
is chasing them he ultimately ends up
freely sacrificing his body to the cause
which changes very little about the
outcome as linda is quickly taken
followed shortly by sarah now it's just
max and stevie left to drive a complex
piece of machinery in the middle of a
blizzard plus there are elves here
in the end only max is left to answer
for his loss of faith but
in the interest of leaving a reminder of
the consequence of losing your spirit
krampus gifts him his ripped up letter
and a little holiday trinket that
maybe he'll be able to share with his
future foster family while this would
make for a properly depressing ending
it's not quite enough for max he trudges
to their encampment where the hellspawn
are enjoying the merriment of the
holidays he returns his gift and tries
to unwish the disappearance of his
family in exchange
but this just opens a cavern straight to
hell max runs up to the lip to face down
krampus makes the ultimate sacrifice
embodying the full christmas spirit by
offering himself in exchange for the
safe return of his family but he's
already summoned the demon who is
unsympathetic
and asks to take max up on the first
part of his bargain only
casting his body into the portal to hell
then max wakes up to a new day
a world with lights and no strange
snowmen and everyone enjoying their
normal christmas rituals
he chalks his experiences up to a bad
dream and delights in the joy of kith
and kin receiving exactly what they most
deeply desired for christmas
but then he opens his own gift to reveal
a familiar artifact
the presentation of which causes all of
the bad memories to rush back into their
minds
they all process this renewed trauma as
we pan out to see
they're stuck inside an internal
christmas snow globe on krampus curio
shelf
which honestly doesn't sound worse than
burning forever
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch
i'd like to take a moment to give a huge
thanks to my donors memorialized in the
hall of headshots
it's hard to declare a movie so recent
as being a classic and i know there are
other good christmas horror movies out
there but are there any
better christmas horror movies for a
small sampling check out my holiday
horror playlist which contains all the
other christmas
horror i've done so far if you enjoyed
the video i'd love for you to become
part of the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching